# Git Practice

An article on software engineering I found interesting was the following article on The Verge, named "[Is AI the end of software engineering or the next step in its evolution?](https://www.removepaywall.com/search?url=https://www.theverge.com/ai-artificial-intelligence/767973/vibe-coding-ai-future-end-evolution)" (linked is the paywall removed version). As the name suggests, it discusses the the future of software engineering as a discipline with the advent of AI, in the framing of the author's own experience with using AI assisted tools. The article caught my attention due to my own position, having to contend with being a soon to be graduate thrown into an industry that is uncertain with the new element of AI being under and over estimated in its consequences. 

What I found interesting in the article is the author's description of how they felt their use of AI assisted tools being akin to "pair programming with a savant intern- competent yet oddly deferential..." because it was incredibly similar to my experience of using those tools myself. They go onto elaborate on how existing tools were incredibly geared towards users that have little coding experience resulting in what the author terms as "vibe coding". The author goes on to be mixed about the advent of "vibe coding" that these tools will bring about. On the one hand they celebrate how it might puncture the "inflated Silicon Tech egos" that presume to have guarded elite technical knowledge the general layman cannot access. But on the other hand, they rightfully point out the worries of applying it to building "nontrivial, production grade app(s)". I find this article to be a bit refreshing out of the deluge of the AI hypemachine and AI doommachine takes that have been percolating in the space, as the author points out the use case of these AI tools, the actual risk of cognitive offloading but doesn't rely on a facile sense of "menial struggle as value in of itself ergo automating away certain tasks is bad on a principle of some virtue" being a mark against the use of AI tools. I am interested to hear what my peers' take on the article would be.

# Comment from William Chan (wc2184 on github):
### I enjoyed this article as well as for the same reason Zeba mentioned, it strays away from the typical doomer narratives regarding AI for the future of humanity and coding. I also like how self-aware the author is, in the fact that they admit their current opinion on AI for coding will likely be outdated soon as the technology improves. And admitting that AI will likely be smart enough to catch itself in the future for all current problems LLM's have for programming today. Really refreshing to have such a self-aware author that isn't married to a single (usually negative) opinion about AI.